# Question 1
Behold Prof.G's recursive C++ algorithm on the right →

For every non-negative input number {0,1,2,3,etc...} the program writes out a short word onto the screen, and then terminates.
The infinitely large set of all those words (for all the inputs 0,1,2,3,etc...) is the Language L generated by this algorithm.
To do:
First, analyse carefully the partiular "shape" or "form" of those words which are in L because the algorithm can produce them.
After you have understood (in your mind) what exactly the algorithm can produce, create and provide your own context-free grammar, G, such that its Language L(G) = L.
Write your grammar G into the answer-box provided below.

# Question 2
Tough it does not contain any nullable production rule, the context-free grammar G shown on the right-side is not suitable for LL(1) parsing. 
To do:
Try to construct the SLR Parsing Table for G.
IF, after construction, the Parsing Table contains any conflicts, then highlight any such conflicts with a bright colour, and write some additional annotations concerning the type of those conflicts (e.g.: "this is a shift-reduce conflict", or: "that is a reduce-reduce conflict", and the like). Obviously no such comments are needed IF the Parsing Table is conflict-free.
Do your work with pen and paper; then create a digital photography your paper, and upload the picture file via the upload facility provided below. Only the final Table itself (together, perhaps, with the comments) is required! Please do not upload all your tiny work-steps about how you eventually came up with the final table!


# Question 3
After your construction of the SLR Parsing Table in sub-task b) of above, now demonstrate step-by-step what will happen when our good old friend Carl Clumsy 🥴 is trying to use your Parsing Table on his silly input string: not(and(true,or(x2)))

Write your stepwise explanation nicely with pen and paper, showing also the contents of the stack, similar to what you can see in Textbook Section 2.13 and and Textbook Figure 2.24
Then make a digital photography of your paper, and upload the file via the upload-facility provided below.
